Refactor the JWT module API doc (#22545)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/jwt/src/main/ballerina/src/jwt/Module.md

    }
});
```

> For information on the operations, which you can perform with this module, see the below Functions. For examples on the usage of the operations, see [JWT Token Validation](https://ballerina.io/v1-2/learn/by-example/jwt-token-validation.html), [Secured Client with JWT Auth](https://ballerina.io/v1-2/learn/by-example/secured-client-with-jwt-auth.html), [Secured Service with JWT Auth](https://ballerina.io/v1-2/learn/by-example/secured-service-with-jwt-auth.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on the operations, which you can perform with this module, see the below Functions. For examples on the usage of the operations, see [JWT Issue/Validate Example](https://ballerina.io/v1-2/learn/by-example/jwt-token-validation.html), [Secured Client with JWT Auth Example](https://ballerina.io/v1-2/learn/by-example/secured-client-with-jwt-auth.html), [Secured Service with JWT Auth Example](https://ballerina.io/v1-2/learn/by-example/secured-service-with-jwt-auth.html).
```

> For information on the operations, which you can perform with this module, see the below **Functions**. For examples on the usage of the operations, see [JWT Token Validation](https://ballerina.io/v1-2/learn/by-example/jwt-issue-validate.html), [Secured Client with JWT Auth](https://ballerina.io/v1-2/learn/by-example/secured-client-with-jwt-auth.html), [Secured Service with JWT Auth](https://ballerina.io/v1-2/learn/by-example/secured-service-with-jwt-auth.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For information on the operations, which you can perform with this module, see the below **Functions**. For examples on the usage of the operations, see the [JWT Token Validation Example](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/jwt-issue-validate.html), [Secured Client with JWT Auth Example](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/secured-client-with-jwt-auth.html), and [Secured Service with JWT Auth Example](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/secured-service-with-jwt-auth.html).
```
